good friends welcome to this
review of space 2013 players more
psd 4.0 this time the baby
forward balotelli of milan
with an overall rating of 85
Italian 22 years old 189 centimeters
height 88 kilograms of right-handed weight
I like to take off my shirt
celebrate the goals to release
from now on the second point centers
left end and half point to
balotelli that has characteristics of
cannoneers skillful spin and skillful roulette
shot without rotation of the volleyball
Flying and bicycle the Italian
He noted for his skills
speed tip balance resistance
shooting power
resistance to attitude injuries
offensive attack dribbling skill
pass precision short speed
pass short precision of long pass
long pass speed precision in the
stopped shot
control effect of the ball and force
explosive the ballottage
and here we have the motto
I think that little one has been cut very
expensive
but he does not have the
playing the cup confederations
or the columns there per peron phantom
this seems the degree occupy the whole house
gb that is the material and orange cloud
the color
your skin n
celebrate with number 108 the
animations for certain
who is worshiped
and the number 54
and sometimes we are happy which 45 in the
shirt the baby in ac milan
coming from the site
and before coming
good friends that also up to the
next
chau chau friend if you liked the video
subscribe dale I like add the
favorites and give your opinion in the
comments that helps a lot remember that
you are the one who gives life to this channel
do not forget to also visit the networks
social and channels friends cleaned in
the description